---
layout: post
date: 2020-04-09 12:00:00 -0600
title: "New"
categories: thoughts
---

I used to overvalue “new".

A new car is better that a used one. New clothes were better than the ones I already had. A new phone would make my life better.

I bought into the idea that being the one and only that has ever owned, used or touched something made me better than others.

But technically, before I bought anything “new”, the store owned it. And before that,  maybe the suppliers. And before them the people who made it.

So nothing is that new anyway.

Back then I’d rather spend a couple of hundreds or thousands more in a new car than a used one. Or line up for hours to replace the phone I bought a year ago and still works just fine.

Why did I think that way?

I’m not new either. Am I worth less than before?

These scars, bags under my ejes, a little bit less hair.

## New no longer has the appeal it had.

The bag of apparent reasons that new was better seems empty now, because I only considered the “new” factor rather than the actual utility.

If I want to check Instagram every now and then and chat with friends. Do I really need to spend that much on a new phone?

If my computer breaks. Isn’t it better to try fixing it or look for a used one than rushing to the store to spend money I don’t have?

I also think about the toll it takes on my mind to think that new is always better. Suddenly I find myself being unhappy with what I have and convinced that buying new things will fix everything.

But that’s not the case, because next month more will come out. All I have won’t be as new and it will start over again.

It gets me anxious.

And it’s hard not to think that way, a great part of our society is built upon that mindset.

I’m trying to wrap my head around the thought that I can live and be happy with what I have.

Maybe that’s what I need. I just need a new mindset.
